Chloe Lannert: Just gonna start recording
Chloe Lannert: and
Chloe Lannert: get straight into it. So we're just gonna start
Chloe Lannert: with a tour, is the screen sharing, working for everyone.
Chloe Lannert: And has everyone been able to get into Techstar's universe?
Chloe Lannert: Good. Okay. So
Chloe Lannert: I'm going to start with the most important thing, and possibly the most powerful tool that techstars has
Chloe Lannert: tulip. So there's a form where you let tech stars know that you're fundraising and you get access to a lead management tool
Chloe Lannert: and a bridge for warm intros through techstar central. So I don't have access to that. But if you're actively accepting checks, let me know, and we'll get you on that platform because it's 1 of the coolest things techstars does in terms of helping founders raise and and
Chloe Lannert: create powerful intros through through techstars.
Chloe Lannert: A little bit of background about universe. David Cohen named it. A universe full of stars.
Chloe Lannert: a place where all the tech stars. Folks get to be in touch with each other.
Chloe Lannert: It is a bit of a legacy system. So there are some weird quirks that I'm gonna try to walk you through and help make universe a little bit more manageable. I will say, in terms of data protection. There are some really saw, like kind of significant limitations to what it can do, due to the way it was set up at the start.
Chloe Lannert: And we have some brilliant engineers working on sort of creating backdoors and and making it more manageable, so it will continue to get better, as those folks figure out back doors. But at the moment I'm just going to give you sort of my best tips on how to make this usable and beneficial with its given limitations at the moment.
Chloe Lannert: So.
Chloe Lannert: starting off with the directories
Chloe Lannert: with the Entrepreneur Directory, we have a ton of mentors and founders, and just like great operators across the board Desiree Varkas Wrigley is one of our Chicago mentors actually, who just raised a fund of her own. So she's she's great. I'm glad glad she's popping up
Chloe Lannert: but in terms of searching these people, I really would recommend going for the
Chloe Lannert: has email and has
Chloe Lannert: discord. So the has contact info right here
Chloe Lannert: is really important in terms of making sure you're able to reach these people easily.
Chloe Lannert: So if you search by has email, it will
Chloe Lannert: cut the people down pretty significantly, but you'll be able to reach them much more easily if you're looking to get in touch with people, and then you can search by any industry, any revenue model if you're looking for channel partners.
Chloe Lannert: But customers
Chloe Lannert: mentors anything in here. These are. This is a really great way to get a warm sort of tech stars intro and people will will likely answer at a higher hit rate than than regular cold outreach. But it's important to filter by people having this contact info here, because not everyone does
Chloe Lannert: sad reality of the setup
Chloe Lannert: in terms of the company directory. Here is where you'll find all the companies that tech stars has invested in over. I believe it goes back like a solid 17 years. 18 years.
Chloe Lannert: So this will be a great way if you want to learn from a company's previous experiences, talk to them about a channel partner they have. If you find anyone who is you like, run across someone on Linkedin who has tech stars involved, you can learn a little bit more info about when they went through techstars. Who their people are, get in touch with their founding team
Chloe Lannert: through through this. So you can see when they went through, these people are active accelerator members, and you can control your how you show up through the CEO's page. So the CEO has outright control over how the company shows up. None of the other team members are going to be able to do that.
Chloe Lannert: So just giving you a heads up if if anything about how you show up in in universe. You aren't happy with CEO will be able to fix that
Chloe Lannert: for the Investor Investor Directory.
Chloe Lannert: I I like to sort by has recent activity.
Chloe Lannert: And then
Chloe Lannert: people are really cagey with fund info here
Chloe Lannert: just outright. We see I've seen a few that are like one to $60 checks.
Chloe Lannert: And it's it's people aren't super happy to to put their fund info out. But and and they also don't want to be responsible for incorrect info floating around, if they don't remember to, to keep this updated. But in terms of starting to prospect. If you have folks that you're looking at. It's helpful to see if there's they're on this list, because that shows that they're either they already
Chloe Lannert: have invested in techsource companies or interested in continuing to invest in techsource companies. So it's always nice to see if they show up here. And you can typically find a linkedin or
Chloe Lannert: just some, some
Chloe Lannert: sort of points of contact if they're on here. If you're looking at a fund.
Chloe Lannert: And then for the firm directory.
Chloe Lannert: same deal, you can typically typically find some people attached
Chloe Lannert: to each fund. So if if you are looking at a fund, but can't find an easy point of contact these people have signed up to be relatively accessible on here. So they're they're a good place to start
Chloe Lannert: in terms of the fundraising. So this is where that tool that I mentioned is going to show up. So it's a sort of Crm for investment. It lets you track your leads. All your warm intros show up here.
Chloe Lannert: Really powerful full tool which you get access to when you let texters know your fundraising.
Chloe Lannert: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: And then, in terms of
Chloe Lannert: valuation. We we do have a little tool with lots of lots of disclaimers, but it's an interesting way to see how you sort of stack up compared to other companies in similar spaces, similar similar verticals, locations, all that good stuff in terms of valuation.
Chloe Lannert: And then on the resources side, lots of really great resources, including podcasts. Edu resources from our education team, portfolio services, access, valuation, tools and dilution. And then the big things that I really like to highlight. Here are. We have some legal document templates for little things like advisory agreements later down the line, or
Chloe Lannert: just different
Chloe Lannert: sort of features that you might you might need, but don't necessarily want to pay for we we do have some resources there, some patent resources.
Chloe Lannert: and then
Chloe Lannert: the other big one is salary guidance that I see people using a lot. Because a lot of people have a really difficult time setting up those those 1st hire salaries
Chloe Lannert: and figuring out what to pay them how to treat them all that good stuff.
Chloe Lannert: We also have a few self-paced courses.
Chloe Lannert: That you're welcome to take advantage of during our after program. I'm also going to take this moment to highlight that we have
Chloe Lannert: an Angel Investment series that launches after every program. Give or take.
Chloe Lannert: And that's a great resource to look forward to. It's also sort of cohort based where you sign up with other recent graduates who are in a similar stage. It's a really nice way to share resources and get some guidance from
Chloe Lannert: our investment teams as you start angel rounds and then
Chloe Lannert: Vc rounds as well. We've also got some
Chloe Lannert: investment lists. Compensation details. A bunch of a bunch of resources that that you should look through
Chloe Lannert: at your own pace.
Chloe Lannert: And then the big one
Chloe Lannert: perks.
Chloe Lannert: So has anyone taken advantage of any perks yet.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, relatively smooth. Anyone running into problems with any of those.
Annie Brown: We got a free year of Asana. So that's great.
Chloe Lannert: Nice. Nice. Okay, bricks are the best.
Chloe Lannert: The people running them are in general really, really solid and like delightful people who genuinely just want to help startups.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: pretty easy to search.
Chloe Lannert: A lot of our perks. Providers are actually ex tech start companies. So if you would like to be included on the Perks page for the next round. That's something we can absolutely do. Post program.
Chloe Lannert: And you can sort by any sort of
Chloe Lannert: software.
Chloe Lannert: basically
Chloe Lannert: anything you could be spending money on as an early stage company. We have a discount.
Chloe Lannert: cloud credits are are typically the biggest one. We also have
Chloe Lannert: real estate. Hr, lots of banks, lots and lots and lots of banks.
Chloe Lannert: payment processing whole whole deal. Lots of really really great great folks in there who are looking to be supportive.
Chloe Lannert: And then
Chloe Lannert: for the discord. This is a really weird one.
Chloe Lannert: You have to go to the entrepreneur directory here.
Chloe Lannert: and then open discord.
Chloe Lannert: So it'll you'll have to connect your own discord account.
Chloe Lannert: and then it lets you just open up
Chloe Lannert: a new community sort of tab within your personal discord.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: it's pretty simple. Lots of
Chloe Lannert: different channels. It. It puts you through a little questionnaire. When you 1st join about Geos. You're interested in verticals. You're interested in people you want to connect with. There are some women's groups,
Chloe Lannert: all across the board, a bunch of different little communities you can opt into.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, here you go! Hit Troro!
Chloe Lannert: Nelson as well. This is one of our alums. Glad he finally made it in
Chloe Lannert: So it's a great place to connect with people pretty casually. If there's anyone you find in the Entrepreneur Directory, or any of the other directories who has discord. It's really easy to reach out to them directly through here.
Chloe Lannert: Outside of that, the biggest sort of ad is that David Cohen is really active on discord.
Chloe Lannert: So one of my favorite examples is one of our recent founders was building a little tool which was almost a promo for his wider business. It was just like something he was tinkering with, and he's like, Hey, any feedback on this would be super appreciated, and he had this whole back and forth with David about clarifying the audience for the tool and refining the ui so it's a really sort of casual low stakes way to connect with some really cool people. Yeah, true.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Who is the community manager of this discord channel.
Chloe Lannert: I believe it is Parker Parker Castleman. I will! I will check on that for you.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, maybe we can add the cogniscope both inside of this discord channel. So
Çoruh | CogniScope: people can get track. What's going on here.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Just an idea.
Chloe Lannert: Honestly, I you should ask in the Discord channel who the community manager is? Because I I don't have a lot of clarity into that. But that's awesome.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So overall. Pretty simple.
Chloe Lannert: Good ways to connect with people on a wider scale.
Chloe Lannert: I think the best way to treat universe and discord, or universe in general is a source of data. And then, you do have to put in some work to create some of that warmth yourself.
Chloe Lannert: It is. It's a platform. It's not, totally magic. If you write solid, personalized intro emails with reference to tech stars and using the data you can find on universe. I think you're gonna get a fair few hits. But it is. It's not a magic bullet. It's not gonna send you 800 perfectly matched investors. Automatically, you do have to do some work. And hopefully, that was helpful in helping you sort through that a little bit
Chloe Lannert: any questions at the moment.
George Reed - Noetic: Sorry. Thanks, Chloe, this is this is great.
George Reed - Noetic: You mentioned that we might be meeting with the Aws and the Google Cloud people as well at some point was that
George Reed - Noetic: gonna happen in the.
Chloe Lannert: Yes.
George Reed - Noetic: Week, so.
Chloe Lannert: So Becky Trollstra will be meeting with all of you. In mentor madness. She's our aws. Rep. So I would recommend keeping your mentoring sessions with her as mentoring sessions, because she is a founder and operator herself, and she's incredible.
Chloe Lannert: But you'll have her information if you have any questions about aws, she'll be a great person to talk to. She'll also be coming back in week, 7 or 8, maybe 9. With her tech team to sit down with all of you guys and work through your tech stacks and give you feedback and and give you support, regardless of which cloud Provider. You use super super valuable resource that they they do for us. And and we're very grateful for for those technical sit downs.
Chloe Lannert: And then for Google.
Chloe Lannert: not next week, but the week after we'll have an intro session with their team, where they'll walk through the new Perks offering I I got. I've been speaking to their team a lot. It's
Chloe Lannert: they're they're redesigning the perks package to be much more sustainable and usable for early stage startups. So
Chloe Lannert: the reps are incredible. They're really they're exfounders. One of them is an ex techstars, founder and ex techstars employee who is very, very in tune with what you guys need at this stage.
Chloe Lannert: And she's working really hard to design a Perks package that makes sense for the stage that you're at.
George Reed - Noetic: Wow, that's so awesome. Thank you. That's great. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Andrea that makes sense.
Fabio Caironi: Lot of sense.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Fabio.
Fabio Caironi: That makes a lot of sense. And I would love to get introduced them. As you know, we've been been easier for us to get introduced to Aws people in the past including like now in the beginning with Texters. But I've never never really
Fabio Caironi: like got a hold of Google Cloud people. And we are full cloud infrastructure is in Google Cloud. So it's like, that would be the best thing for us.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Colleen pimentel in mentor. Madness is is also a Google cloud. Rep same deal where she's an incredible mentor across the board. But she will be in mentor madness as well, meeting with each of you and
Chloe Lannert: you'll have her details, and we'll be able to talk through any questions you have on that front as well.
Fabio Caironi: Would you remind? Repeating her name? Sorry.
Chloe Lannert: Colleen pimento.
Fabio Caironi: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, she she's also delightful, and
Chloe Lannert: really works for founders. In a way, I really respect. So.
Fabio Caironi: Shit.
Chloe Lannert: Alright
Chloe Lannert: anything else.
Chloe Lannert: This is very short and sweet.
Chloe Lannert: all good.
Annie Brown: Do you have any templates of?
Annie Brown: And I know Dave had some success with this, but like
Annie Brown: examples of outreach messages to
Annie Brown: tech stars alumni on the thing that that went well.
Annie Brown: or that we're good.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So
Chloe Lannert: what I would
Chloe Lannert: start with is honestly the affordable message that
Chloe Lannert: we shared like the how to write affordable, because it actually is a tech stars founder.
Chloe Lannert: Crystal from Bento box.
Chloe Lannert: I I would just focus on on making it good outreach like anything else. Highlight. The connection through techstars. Highlight your class?
Chloe Lannert: So that you know sort of which class they went through, or any sort of connection you have to them. Yeah. And then just be really specific and pointed with your ask.
Chloe Lannert: okay? And highlighting tech stars will will create some sort of common ground and and shared experiences that'll hopefully get you a better hit rate.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Annie Brown: Awesome. Great advice. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: alright.
Dave Scott: I'll I'll I'll go ahead and post my letter up there. I've actually had now about a dozen
Dave Scott: 15 min phone calls with other techstar founders.
Dave Scott: And it's been really great to talk to other cause. I I focus primarily on gaming company gaming companies have gone through the program and they're all awesome. In fact, what's cool is about 3 of them live in San Francisco, so I told them to stop by and hang out with us. So you might see them come in as well, cause they're they're like super cool.
Chloe Lannert: That's awesome.
Dave Scott: Including someone wanted me to give you a shout out Neil.
Dave Scott: What are we? Oh, gosh! What is it? Aspen aspen wanted to say, Hi.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Overture games.
Dave Scott: Yeah, he was super cool. He was very helpful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Very good.
Chloe Lannert: Cool. Yeah. Aspen and Stephen are the best.
Chloe Lannert: Just like Kevin tearing it up in pitch competitions.
Chloe Lannert: So good people to talk to about that
Chloe Lannert: cool
Chloe Lannert: alright, that's it for me feel free to stick around if you have any sort of more specific questions, but
Chloe Lannert: short and sweet back to work.
George Reed - Noetic: Thank you.
George Reed - Noetic: Thanks. Bye.